smtp_authenticators              0
smtp_oauth_refresh_command       0
smtp_pass                        0
smtp_url                         0

certificate_file                 "~/.mutt_certificates"
entropy_file                     0
ssl_ca_certificates_file         0
ssl_ciphers                      0
ssl_client_cert                  0
ssl_force_tls                    true
ssl_min_dh_prime_bits            0
ssl_starttls                     MUTT_YES
ssl_usesystemcerts               true
ssl_use_sslv2                    false
ssl_use_sslv3                    false
ssl_use_tlsv1                    false
ssl_use_tlsv1_1                  false
ssl_use_tlsv1_2                  true
ssl_use_tlsv1_3                  true
ssl_verify_dates                 true
ssl_verify_host                  true
ssl_verify_partial_chains        false

classic pgp
pgp_check_exit                   true
pgp_check_gpg_decrypt_status_fd  true
pgp_decryption_okay              0
pgp_good_sign                    0
pgp_timeout                      300
pgp_use_gpg_agent                true

pgp_autoinline                   false
pgp_auto_decode                  false
pgp_default_key                  0
pgp_encrypt_self                 MUTT_NO
pgp_entry_format                 "%4n %t%f %4l/0x%k %-4a %2c %u"
pgp_ignore_subkeys               true
pgp_long_ids                     true
pgp_mime_auto                    MUTT_ASKYES
pgp_replyinline                  false
pgp_retainable_sigs              false
pgp_self_encrypt                 true
pgp_show_unusable                true
pgp_sign_as                      0
pgp_sort_keys                    SORT_ADDRESS
pgp_strict_enc                   true

classic smime
smime_ask_cert_label             true
smime_ca_location                0
smime_certificates               0
smime_decrypt_use_default_key    true
smime_keys                       0
smime_sign_digest_alg            "sha256"
smime_timeout                    300

smime_default_key                0
smime_encrypt_self               MUTT_NO
smime_encrypt_with               "aes256"
smime_is_default                 false
smime_self_encrypt               true
smime_sign_as                    0

preconnect                       0
tunnel                           0

crypt_autoencrypt                false
crypt_autopgp                    true
crypt_autosign                   false
crypt_autosmime                  true
crypt_confirmhook                true
crypt_opportunistic_encrypt      false
crypt_protected_headers_read     true
crypt_protected_headers_save     false
crypt_protected_headers_subject  "Encrypted subject"
crypt_protected_headers_write    false
crypt_replyencrypt               true
crypt_replysign                  false
crypt_replysignencrypted         false
crypt_timestamp                  true
crypt_use_gpgme                  false
crypt_use_pka                    false
crypt_verify_sig                 MUTT_YES

